1.	Add and Subtract
Write a function, which changes the value of odd and even numbers in an array of numbers. 
•	If the number is even - add to its value its index position
•	If the number is odd - subtract to its value its index position
Output
On the first line print the newly modified array, on the second line print the sum of numbers from the original array, on the third line print the sum of numbers from the modified array.

2.	Common Elements
Write a function, which prints common elements in two string arrays. Print all matches on separate lines. Compare the first array with the second array.

3.	Merge Arrays
Write a function, which receives two string arrays and merges them into a third array.  
•	If the index of the element is even, add into the third array the sum of both elements at that index
•	If the index of the element is odd, add the concatenation of both elements at that index
Input
As input, you will receive two string arrays (with equal length).
Output
As output, you should print the resulting third array, each element separated by " - ".

4.	Array Rotation
Write a function that receives an array and the number of rotations you have to perform. 
Note: Depending on the number of rotations, the first element goes to the end.
Output
Print the resulting array elements separated by a single space.

5.	Max Number
Write a function to find all the top integers in an array. A top integer is an integer, which is bigger than all the elements to its right. 

6.	Equal Sums
Write a function that determines if there exists an element in the array of numbers such that the sum of the elements on its left is equal to the sum of the elements on its right. 
If there are NO elements to the left/right, their sum is 0. 
Print the index that satisfies the required condition or "no" if there is no such index.

7.	Max Sequence of Equal Elements
Write a function that finds the longest sequence of equal elements in an array of numbers. 
If several longest sequences exist, print the leftmost one.

8.	Magic Sum
Write a function, which prints all unique pairs in an array of integers whose sum is equal to a given number. 
